_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
My name is Niranjan Ilawe. I am a 4th year Ph.D. candidate at <font color="red">UC Riverside</font> in the Department of Chemical and Environmental Engineering graduating in June of 2018. 

I am interested in developing and utilizing computational tools and machine learning algorithms to study, understand and rationally design complex materials, systems and processes. I am broadly interested in the areas of light-matter interactions pertaining to,

- photovoltaics / battery systems
- energy harvesting / storage systems
- semiconductor / optical circuits
- chemical / biological systems

I also have more than 4 years of industry experience in all aspects of process engineering including technology evaluation, preliminary cost analysis, process design, process optimization, erection, commissioning and project management.

I want to utilize my programming skills, engineering knowledge and research experience to solve / simplify real-world industry problems.

![Plasmonic Excitations](/images/308Na.gif)

Plasmonic resonances in a sodium nanoparticle

Commit message:

updated about me
added illumina info

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
My name is Niranjan Ilawe. I work as a Product Engineer at <font color="red">Illumina Inc.</font>, helping make data driven product health and process improvement decisions. I also create statistical and data analysis tools to troubleshoot and predict product/process non-conformances.

I have a Ph.D. in Chemical and Environmental Engineering from <font color="red">UC Riverside</font> with research experience in computational chemistry and quantum physics. My thesis was titled "Probing Electronic and Optical Properties of Complex Chemical and Material Systems"

I am interested in developing and utilizing computational tools and machine learning algorithms to study, and understand complex systems, processes and materials. I am especially interested in the genetics, biology and human-health related applications.

I want to utilize my programming skills, engineering knowledge and research experience to solve / simplify real-world industry problems.

![Plasmonic Excitations](/images/308Na.gif)

Plasmonic resonances in a sodium nanoparticle
